Скрин 1

Take the saucepan off the cooker! The water (IS) boiling.
What (DO) you do? - I’m a lawyer.
I (WAS) shocked when I learned my bestie’s secret.
(DOES) it often rain in Belarus in autumn, as a rule?
What a beautiful dress you (ARE) wearing! It really suits you.
(HAVE) you already started studying for your exams?
Mia has (BEEN) looking for her keys all morning.
Why (DO) people love travelling so much these days?
Windows 11 (WAS) installed on my laptop yesterday.
(HAVE) you ever had a summer job?
What time (DID) you usually go to bed when you were a kid?
(ARE) you going to do the same again? - Not at all.
You look worried. What (ARE) you thinking about?
These singers (HAVE) had plenty of worldwide tours in recent years.
Where (DID) you use to live before you moved here?
What (DOES) your aunt look like? - Slim with fair hair.
For some time, not a word (WAS) spoken as everyone kept silent.
(HAVE) you seen my glasses? I can’t find them anywhere.
What (DID) you say to the teacher when you were late for class?
Who (WAS) the Internet invented by? - Vinton Cerf and Robert Kahn.

Скрин 2

If everyone (IS) ready, let’s begin.
What (IS) the new café like? - It’s extremely stylish.
(DO) any of these clothes appeal to you? - I don’t think so.
What’s going on? Why (ARE) the police here?
My hair (IS) a mess today. - Don’t be silly. You look nice.
Where (ARE) the scissors? I can’t find them!
Before Hurricane Milton, there (WERE) a number of warnings across Florida.
Athletics (IS) like a drug to me. Once I’ve tasted it, I’m hooked for life.
The mystery of why more men than women (ARE) left-handed remains unsolved.
(DID) you use to like art at school? - Actually, I didn’t like it at all!
The good news (IS) that the future is brighter than you think.
In recent years, this means of communication (HAS) been significantly intensified.
The truth is that everyone can be a leader, but not everyone (IS).
Phonetics (IS) all about studying the sounds we make when we talk.
I think black tights (DO) not go with your outfit. Why not try non-black neutrals like grey or brown?
In ancient times, knowledge (WAS) passed on orally from generation to generation.
Pajamas, as we know them today, (WERE) not developed until the late nineteenth century.
This mini-series (IS) a true film adaptation of the actual story told by Stephen King.
When glasses (DO) not fit, they can disrupt your vision, cause eye strain, and trigger headaches.
Queen’s frontman (WAS) a once-in-a-lifetime talent, who rocked the world and became a music icon.

Скрин 3

There (ARE) now over 200 million Threads users worldwide.
How long (DO) your headphones usually last?
Chess (WAS) played by the ancient Egyptians.
Each of the students (WAS) informed about the new IT course last week.
After the performance everybody (WAS) clapping and cheering.
The news (IS) broadcast daily from 6 a.m. to midnight.
What time (DID) you use to wake up on your summer vacation?
My mum explained that not every girl or boy (IS) as lucky as I am.
Why (ARE) you smelling the milk? (DO) you think it has gone off?
In the past, lots of time (WAS) spent washing clothes by hand and doing other chores.
Curly hair (IS) often associated with a fun-loving, warm-hearted, and outgoing personality.
There (WERE) some moments when nothing seemed to calm a crying baby.
Practical mathematics (HAS) been a human activity for as long as written records exist.
Strawberries (ARE) full of antioxidants and vitamin C, as well as potassium, folate, and magnesium.
As soon as a new species (IS) discovered, it is given a name. Scientific naming follows.
Usually, there (ARE) plenty of questions associated with the use of the verb to be.
The number of Threads users (IS) increasing very fast: two new members join the website every second.
Chandler police (WERE) involved in a shooting in the morning, though no injuries were reported.
What decorative items (DOES) jewellery consist of? - Brooches, rings, necklaces, earrings, etc.
The barmen wore suits and (WERE) very friendly and polite, so I would definitely recommend this cocktail bar.

Скрин 4

Your clothes (ARE) often an expression of your personality.
I’m quite sure that a solution can (BE) found.
(DID) you use to play sports when you were younger?
You were right - someone (WAS) spreading rumours about you.
Stairs (ARE) generally one of the leading causes of slip, trip, and fall accidents.
Unfortunately, all the advice they gave me (WAS) wrong.
People love dolphins because they (ARE) beautiful to watch and friendly.
Gossip (IS) news running ahead of itself in a red satin dress. - Liz Smith.
I hope that the parcels from AliExpress will (BE) delivered next week.
What (WAS) the weather like when you took that picture?
(DID) you use to help your mum bake cakes for your birthday?
In 1999, Bruce Springsteen (WAS) elected to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Each year, there (ARE) more than 30,000 deaths that result from obesity.
Many of the satellites orbiting the earth (ARE) used for communications.
The first cheese (WAS) probably made in Asia around four thousand years ago.

Скрин 5

Google says that currently my account (IS) used by someone else.
We are looking for somebody who (IS) reliable and hard-working.
Just a friendly reminder that the holiday party will (BE) held tonight.
(DID) Susan use to be slim when she was at university?
I have (BEEN) trying to get in touch with Jenny all morning, but I can’t find her anywhere.
Raspberries (ARE) low in calories but high in fiber, vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants.
Designer clothing (IS) clothing designed by a particular fashion designer or licensed by a person or brand.
Paul admits that he is a gadget man, but he (DOES) not regret buying the TV as he uses it every day.
The tickets for the concert (WERE) sold out within minutes and I didn’t have a single chance to get them.
In a centralised test, each of the correct answers (IS) worth one or two points.
One day, we (WERE) standing on the beach, watching people fly across the water on a banana boat.
Over the last four years, fake news (HAS) become an everyday expression in the media.
Where (WAS) football first played? - Some people think it was in the UK, others say it was in China.
Money (IS) a strange business. People who haven’t got it aim at it strongly. People who have it are full of trouble.
What (DO) your clothes say about you? A lot. They can reveal your personal style, values, and even your mood.

Скрин 6

(HAVE) you seen my mobile? I’ve (BEEN) looking for it for almost an hour.
Jane (HAS) finished tidying up her room, and now she (IS) going out with her friends.
If brunch has (BEEN) eaten and no Instagram photos of the food were posted, (HAS) it really happened?
Do you know people who (ARE) always in some form of drama? Why (DOES) trouble always follow them?
Luckily, they (WERE) able to raise $30,000 to help those people who (WERE) affected by the earthquake.
According to popular theories, homework (WAS) invented by Roberto Nevilis in 1905 as a form of punishment for students in Italy.
People say that money (IS) not the key to happiness, but I think if you have enough money, you can have a key made.
A study finds that the number of active daily Threads users in the UK (HAS) dropped from 8 million a year ago to only around 5.6 million now.
In Rome and Greece, trousers (WERE) associated with ‘barbaric’ cultures; ‘civilised’ women and men wore tunics.
After any gathering where food is served, there (ARE) often plenty of leftovers for the hosts and guests to enjoy later.
Why (DO) rich men use most of their money to get richer while poor men use most of their money to look richer?
Modern economics (WAS) born in 1776 with the publication of Adam Smith’s book, ‘An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations’.
Over the last 3 days, I (HAVE) seen quite a few people walking around in pyjamas. (ARE) pyjamas the new style on the street?
Those who had high-quality sleep were more likely to (BE) successful in their weight loss efforts than those who (DID) not sleep enough.
In Ancient Egypt, furniture (WAS) primarily constructed using wood, but other materials (WERE) sometimes used as well.

Скрин 7

I think every child should play a sport. - So (DO) I.
My sister doesn’t like wearing skirts and neither (DO) I.
Julia is revising for her History test and so (ARE) we.
My school doesn’t have a football pitch and nor (DOES) yours.
Unfortunately, Pat lost a match yesterday. - So (DID) we.
My sister doesn’t watch TV at all. - Neither (DOES) mine.
My dad (WILL) never take up yoga and neither will my mum.
I get bored watching football matches, and so (DOES) my sister.
My mum can’t stand techno music. - And neither (CAN) mine.
We (WERE) a bit slow during the match, and so were the other players.
To keep fit, Dan goes for a swim every Friday and so (DOES) his bestie.
Diana has never let her friends down and neither (HAS) Bobbie.
I signed up for a computer course yesterday, and so (DID) my classmate.
As a child, Olga wasn’t very competitive and neither (WERE) her brothers.
Lucy (IS) going to do a course in judo. - So is Miranda. Maybe they’ll be in the same class.
You (DID) not feed the dog! - That’s not true. I fed him!
On average, people who don’t smoke are healthier than people who (DO).
Those workers who (DID) not eat breakfast felt more tired during the day than those who did.
Students who studied while they were listening to music had lower average test scores than those who (DID) not.
Emergency vehicles with their lights and sirens active (ARE) allowed to pass through a red light; however, regular drivers are not.

Последний фрагмент

You are always on the phone! - So (ARE) you.
Nobody paid attention in class. - Neither (DID) I.
I think Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show was hilarious! - So (DO) I!
I haven’t eaten anything all day. - Neither (HAVE) I. I’m starving.